---
layout: post
title: Books of 2015
tags: [books]
---
* *Second Activation (The Activation Series Book 2)* - Darren Wearmouth, Marcus Wearmouth - It had been too long since I read the first book so I didn’t get as much enjoyment out of this as I would have if I read them back to back. Perhaps I should write myself some notes if I plan to get the follow up to keep myself in the loop.

* *Beacon 23: The Complete Novel* - Hugh Howey - This was a cool take on a space lighthouse concept. Glad that I waited for the complete series to get the cohesive story.

* *Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt* - Michael Lewis - Reading about tech and finance sounds really interesting and the way that when there’s millions to be made there’s some guy finding the edge and pushing it was far as they can.

* *Ready Player One* - Ernest Cline - Fun read, every teenage gamers escapist dream. Good twists, not easy to see where the story will take you.

* *Finest Hour (The Survivalist Book 6)* - Arthur Bradley - penultimate book of the series - nice pace but getting a little ‘done’ with the series.

* *Return (Matt Turner Series Book 3)* - Michael Siemsen - I liked the re take on the Matt Turner character. I found some of the action scenes a little too scattered and had a difficult time following the movements.

* *Storm Front (The Dresden Files, Book 1)* - Jim Butcher - I had this book recommended by a friend, I liked the general style of it, but perhaps it was a little too ‘fantasy’ genre where all solutions to problems pop out of fantasy land which makes the resolution to all issues seem unsatisfying.

* *Old Man's War* - John Scalzi - I liked the idea behind the book and I think the delivery was great too.

* *The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August* - Claire North (Catherine Webb) - This was easily my ‘Book of the Year’ - I thought the resolution was a little too convenient but it was such a gripping tale. I am looking forward to the Gameshouse series and looking at some of Catherine Webb’s other work.

* *The Big Sleep (Philip Marlowe Series)* - Raymond Chandler, Ian Rankin - fun, but I shouldn’t have read it straight after POP 1280 - I think I overdid the noir genre.

* *POP. 1280* - Jim Thompson - this was a cool old noir book, it drags you around the web of fool of a sheriff that stews in a mess of his own creation, but all is not as it seems.

* *The Martian* - Andy Weir - I hadn’t read any of the hype beforehand and I really enjoyed the writing, character and the situation. I’m looking forward to catching the movie.

* *Battle Lines (The Survivalist Book 5)* - Arthur Bradley - Another installment on the road.
Exigency - Michael Siemsen - I liked the premise of this book and I look forward to reading any follow ups in this series.
