---
layout: post
title: Books of 2016
tags: [books]
---

* *The Complete Short Stories Of Ernest Hemingway: The Finca Vigia Edition* - Ernest Hemingway - This tome will keep me going for another year. The bite sized nature of the short stories should freshen up the time in between books.
 
* *The Art of Learning: A Journey in the Pursuit of Excellence* - Josh Waitzkin - I liked the way this book mapped his reflection on learning with his own life. The extreme nature and focus in the last part of the book made for interesting but ultimately impractical. The work hard and learn from the ground up definitely is a lesson that I feel rings truer every day. It reminded me of the Be brilliant at the basics message that was the mantra of an old army commander. I was to young to appreciate it at the time, but I'm working at encompassing that ethos.
 
* *Caliban's War: Book 2 of the Expanse* - James S. A. Corey - Perhaps I should have held off a little longer before reading another monster book of the series. Enjoyable but I will give it a while before attempting the next one.
 
* *The Deadline: A Novel About Project Management* - Tom DeMarco - I had a PM course and it was recommended by the instructor and I thought I'd try something outside my usual reading. It was a well written book in a nice tongue in cheek style. The lessons were mostly common sense, but that's the idea right?
 
* *Stranger in a Strange Land (Remembering Tomorrow)* - Robert A. Heinlein - I now grok. One of the more unique sci fi books that I have read. I enjoyed its take on the human condition.

* *Motherless Brooklyn* - Jonathan Lethem - This was an interesting twist of disability meets noir. The tourettes added a layer that provoked empathy and humour in just the right doses. Story of the year for me.
 
* *Where's the Next Shelter?* - Gary Sizer - Hearing about people walking these incredible distances day after day I was curious as to their mindset and what kept them going. There were ups and downs and thrills and spills, I think the communal nature of the walk was what stood out. 
 
* *The Vital Question: Why is life the way it is?* - Nick Lane - I may never make it all the way through this book but I'm enjoying his opinion and hypothesis on the origin of the first living creature.

* *Last Stand (The Survivalist Book 7)* - Arthur Bradley - I wanted to see how the series wrapped up, but this wasn't it. I'm in for the next couple of books soon.

* *Leviathan Wakes: Book 1 of the Expanse* - James S. A. Corey - This was a little more futuristic sci fi than usual and seemed to be realiztic enough. The story was well spun and well presented. Epic novel and a series that I think I will pick up again in the future.
